Backlink Research with SEOptimer

Research Any Site’s Backlink Profile
Check all the most important backlink metrics instantly in one dashboard.

Get a better understanding of how your or your competitors are performing in search.

Get the detailed information you need for effective backlink research and analysis.


See Important Domain Level Metrics
Seeing how your site stacks up is the starting point for backlink research and ranking success. Get the high level metrics of your site including:

Domain and Page Strength
Total Backlinks
Total Referring Domains
Total Linking IPs
Total Subnets
Total Follow Vs Nofollow links
Total Edu & Gov Backlinks

Get the Details
Probe the details of every individual link or referring domain including:

Domain & Page Strength
Referring Page
Linked Page
Anchor Text
Follow Status

More Tools for Backlink Research
Check out these other awesome reports:

Top Pages - See which pages of your site have the most links, and may have the highest ranking ability, or be contributing the most ranking value to your site
Top Anchors - See which text other sites are using most frequently to link to your site
Top Linking TLDs - See what domain types are linking to your site
Top Linking Countries - See which countries your links are clustered from

Monitor Backlink Changes Over Time
Backlinks are crucial to improving search engine rankings. But not all backlinks are good - low quality backlinks can actually do more harm than good.

That’s why it’s important to keep an eye on backlink changes to promote good links and remove bad ones.


SEOptimer’s Backlink Monitoring lets you stay updated on changes in your backlink profile with regular email updates.

See the full change history with our awesome backlink change dashboard.

Get notified of Lost Links, protect from negative SEO, and build a great link profile over time

Learn More

Why Check Backlinks?

Understand Your Link Profile
Understanding where you stand is a starting point for any successful SEO campaign.

Understand all the important pieces of the backlink puzzle such as the relative strength of your domain, the pages getting the most links, which anchors are used the most and backlink geographic distribution.


Fix Obvious Backlink Problems
Sometimes you can have valuable links pointing at your site, but they have suboptimal anchor text, are not followed or are pointing to an outdated or incorrect piece of content.

Doing research can allow you to identify these problems an reach out to site owners to improve the links you already have.


Find New Link Building Opportunities
Backlink Research is the cornerstone of link outreach and building a quality link profile.

Are there pages or blog posts that are “link magnets” and draw the most the attention?

Create more link worthy content based on what has worked in the past to earn more backlinks and improve your site’s rankings.


Understand Competitor’s Secrets
Gaining links through cold link outreach is hard. Researching your competitor’s links is a great tactic for identifying links that may also be relevant to you.

Performing backlink research also helps you acquire great intel about a competitor’s business such as previous marketing or PR campaigns that have worked effectively.

Backlink Basics

What are Backlinks?
Backlinks, also known as external links and inbound links, are links on another website that point to your website.

Backlinks are a key factor in SEO (Search Engine Optimization) and help your content appear at the top of search results.

Read our Comprehensive Guide about Backlinks


Why are Backlinks Important?
When a website adds a backlink to your website, this tells search engines that you have created valuable, relevant content that others trust and find useful.

Search Engines review both the quantity and quality of your backlinks to determine the position of your website’s content in the SERPs (Search Engine Results Pages).


Get More SEO Traffic
In general, the higher you rank in SERPS, the more traffic you’ll deliver to your site.

To rank highly in search engine results pages and draw organic traffic to your website, you need to build quality backlinks and keep an eye on negative link changes.