Bulk Reporting
with SEOptimer
Generate Hundreds or Thousands of Custom Branded SEO Audits in Record Time

Simply upload a Bulk List of Website URLs via CSV file

Dominate Prospecting and Lead Gen for your Agency



Use cases

Bulk Reporting is perfect for:


Agency Prospecting
Outmanoeuvre competitors by prospecting clients by the hundreds or thousands


Researchers & Analysts
Collect detailed website audit data and diagnostics for in-depths analysis


Franchise or Global Brands
Audit all local websites across a whole group or multi-national company


What it is
Superchange your agency new business
SEOptimer's White Label SEO Reporting functionality is already used by thousands of agencies worldwide to generate Beautiful Custom Branded reports for their clients or prospects. Now we’ve built a Bulk Loading UI interface to take Report Generation and Automation to the next level.

How it Works in 4 Steps

Step 1
Customize Your SEO Audits
Configure your White Label Report Settings to match your business branding. Add your own logo, company details, fonts and colors to suite.

Choose which specific checks and sections you’d like to include, and add custom text content for that personal touch. Choose from one of 10 languages.

Find out more about our White Label Reporting customization capabilities here.


Step 2
Upload your CSV file
Upload a CSV of hundreds or thousands of website URLs via our Bulk Reporting Interface.

We’ll validate your uploaded URLs in real time and let you know if there are any problems.

Incorrect URL, Missing Site? This can all be corrected before you start.

Step 3
Run the Batch Process
Click Start, and all your websites are submitted for Batch Processing.

We’ll provide real-time feedback on progress of the Batch.

You can also download completed reports and result data while the batch is still running.


Step 4
Download & Analyze
You can download a Zip Archive of all generated PDFs to use in prospecting efforts to dominate lead gen and growth for your agency.

Alternatively, you can download a collated CSV file of all reporting results down to the individual check and website level. Performed detailed spreadsheet analysis to find prospects with the biggest issues, where you can deliver the most value.

Pricing