SEO Crawler
Identify hidden problems holding your website back from it’s ranking potential.


Scan Every Page of Your Site for Problems

Find On-Page SEO Issues at Scale
Not only does SEO Crawler crawl all pages on a website but it identifies issues holding your site back from ranking.


Set Crawls to Obey robots.txt
Optionally set SEO Crawler to obey all rules defined in the robots.txt file so it closely emulates Googlebot.


Set Custom URL Crawling Rules
Define your own URL crawling rules based on the same robots.txt syntax to exclude certain pages or directories.


Sort On-Page SEO Issues by Severity
Filter and export all on-page SEO issues and sort or group by severity to isolate affected pages and fix issues quickly.


Most modern websites have more pages than you would expect, when you consider e-Commerce product pages, blog posts or category pages.

There is a high chance of unexpected problems in deeper or less obvious pages, which could affect the overall site health.

SEOptimer’s advanced crawling technology will review review every page and provide a simple report identifying problems.


Unlock Page Ranking Potential
Businesses frequently put all their focus on trying to rank their homepage, or a handful a handful of other core pages.

How many of your inner pages have ranking and traffic potential, but have not been well optimised?

Improve your site’s overall traffic by unlocking the potential of previously neglected pages.


Get a Consolidated Crawl Report
We’ll provide you a prioritised list of your site’s pages and issues, ordered by those with the most number of, or most urgent problems.

Maximise the efficiency of your SEO efforts and invest effort on pages where you can have the most impact.

Search, sort and filter pages and issues to focus your efforts.


Don’t Wait Hours. See Results in Real Time.
Other crawl tools can take hours or days to show you any results from your crawl. By then you’ve moved on to other important business challenges.

SEO Crawler show’s you results in real-time, including which pages have been crawled, and the list of issues identified so you can take action immediately.

Done making some site changes? SEO Crawler let’s you re-run a crawl at will.


Detailed Recommendations and Guides
We’ve got informational guides explaining SEO issues and recommendations in simple terms.

Do you use Wordpress, Shopify or Wix? No problem, our guides show you how to address issues across most major CMS’s.

Our point of difference
Unique Cloud-Based Javascript Crawling Technology


Superior Accuracy
We load every page of your website in a Cloud-based Chrome Browser meaning everything on the page loads.


Simulate True User Experience
SEO Crawler simulates a natural page load and user viewing experience unlike many other crawl tools.


Crawl Pages not Code
Other robotic crawl tools load and read static HTML, whereas SEO Crawler actually loads and runs all code and scripts on the page in Chrome.


Full Support for Modern Tech
Because SEO Crawler loads pages in a cloud-based Chrome browser, it fully supports all modern CMS including Shopify, Webflow, Wix, Weebly and of course Wordpress.



Access to our Free SEO Toolbox
Ready to dive into your website? We’ve got SEO Tools for every purpose.

Improve your Meta Tags, or build a Sitemaps & Robots file with just a few clicks. Our SEO Tools are the ultimate resource to help you through.

What our awesome customers are saying




