Monitor Backlinks with SEOptimer
The best tool for Tracking Backlink Changes over time.

Get notified of New and Lost Links, protect from negative SEO, and build a great link profile.


MonitorBacklinks.com was a standalone Backlink Monitoring Tool that was acquired and merged into the SEOptimer platform. The original tool is still fully functional and available, but we encourage you to try out SEOptimer.
Access Legacy

Backlink Monitoring Features

Awesome Backlink Change Dashboard
See New and Lost Links visually from up to a year ago together with your most important backlink and domain metrics.

You’ll also get detailed data tables of every link gained or lost over that time period to inspect.


Regular Email Summaries
Monitor Backlinks easily with a summary of your latest backlink changes on a weekly or monthly basis.

Never miss a lost link, or competitor backlink opportunity again.


Export New and Lost Link Data
Easily download your New, Lost or all Backlink Changes to CSV, Excel or PDF.

Analyze your backlink data further, report to your boss or use it to enhance existing client reports.

Share your SEO success with your boss or clients.


Powerful Backlink Research
Instantly look up the backlink profile for any website.

See the site’s backlink metrics and the details of every referring domain and backlink.

Use SEOptimer’s Backlink Research module to understand any site better, and find relevant high quality link building opportunities.

Learn More


Why Monitor Backlinks?
Backlinks are crucial to improving Search Engine Rankings.

But not all backlinks are good - low quality backlinks can actually do more harm than good.

That’s why it’s important to monitor backlinks to promote good links and remove bad ones.


See Your SEO Campaigns Paying Off
Sometimes it’s hard to identify if your initiatives have paid off. Has your outreach resulted in new links? Has your Digital PR been well syndicated?

SEOptimer’s Backlink Monitoring Tool gives you this insight by notifying you of New Links direct to your email and showing New and Lost Link progress live in the Backlink Change Dashboard.

We’ll also share the critical data behind each link such as its SEO strength, link type and follow status.


Recover Valuable Lost Links
You work so hard to gain links with outreach and link building campaigns - but what if one of these sites removes or changes your link?

SEOptimer provides a regular digest of backlink changes straight to your email so that you can respond quickly and get your link reinstated.


Identify and Fight Negative SEO
Negative SEO is a real thing and happens when competitors attack your site's SEO by pointing spammy backlinks to it.

But how are you supposed to know when negative links arrive?

Our Backlink Monitoring tool keeps you updated with a regular summary of new links to your site so that you can identify suspicious links and act quickly to disavow them.


