Keyword
Tracking
Tool
Keep track of the success of your SEO efforts


Free Keyword Rank Checker Tool
Enter your website and keyword to check how it currently ranks instantly.

Enter keyword
Enter domain

South Africa
Check Rankings
Why perform keyword tracking?
The ultimate goal of Search Engine Optimization is to improve your Keyword Ranking positions in Search Engines, to deliver more traffic to your site, and more business to you, or your client’s businesses!

SEOptimer’s Keyword Tracking Tool makes this dead simple, by helping you find the right keywords to track, and keeping you updated of their progress over time in your country.


Find the Keywords that matter
Simply enter your website, and SEOptimer’s Keyword Tracking Tool will show you the keywords your site ranks for in real time. We also scan your website content to find the most common keywords already used on your page that might be of value.

We’ll show you the Search Volumes, Ranking Positions of Specific Pages, Estimated Traffic & Competitiveness of your Ranking Keywords, so you can decide which have the most potential for you.


Track Your Rankings Over Time
You can choose to add any of our suggested keywords into your Keyword Tracker, or enter your own manually.

We’ll show you how the Ranking Positions for your Tracked Keywords have changed week to week, which of your site’s specific pages are ranking, and how much traffic is being delivered.


Report on Changes in Rankings
Share your ranking success - export your rankings data to CSV, Excel or PDF for analysis or sharing with your boss or clients.DIY SEO plan users can get a weekly email digest of their latest rankings and changes.


Regional Precision
Did you know Google Keyword Rankings can vary considerably from Country to Country, but most tools use a ‘one glove fits all’ approach and show you your keyword rankings in the United States?This data may not be relevant to your business, and could even be completely wrong.

SEOptimer’s Keyword Tracking Tool allows you to choose from over 70 countries worldwide so that you can track your SEO efforts accurately.

Our Keyword Database
5 Billion
Keywords Tracked

900K
SERPS Collected Monthly

3 Million
Daily Requests




Affordable Keyword Tracking for Everyone
Most Keyword Tracking tools are unnecessarily expensive. SEOptimer is putting the power of keyword tracking into the hands of all marketers, freelancers and business owners.

Keyword Tracking Tool provides most of the same features that tools 4x and 5x the cost provide. Break free form expensive SEO tools and save time and money with SEOptimer.

Pricing
14 day free trial